so man you're gonna go see the play with
me tonight you know what I don't know
how comfortable I am going to see how
hot the sex is between some guy and your
girlfriend hey hey man that's a pancakes
you made pancakes yep grab a plate no
stay right there
get closer okay okay but don't worry
because we also have cereals muffins
waffles and jams jellies and marmalades
which I'm fairly certainly the same
thing listen also we're watching the
game here Saturday night if people want
to come over oh yeah I was thinking
about having people over for the game
yeah was playing the players somebody
seems to be missing being the hostess
believe it's a relief is what it is is
what it is
all right deep stick out your plate
[Applause]